For module 2, I had decided to mix two 3D models together. For this, I have chosen the statue of the Greek goddess "Artemis with Ifigenia" and remix it with the bust of Queen Nefertiti. The reason why I had decided to combine these two is due to their similar symbolism and representation. Firstly, with the statue of "Artemis with Ifigenia", it was a model taken from Sketchfab but the original model is located in Copenhagen, Denmark. It can be viewed in the Statens Museum of Kunst as a part of the Royal Cast collection. Artemis is a Greek goddess of the hunt, femininity and has the power to either inflict harm or heal. The other individual depicted within the statue is Ifigenia, who represents strength and courage as she was saved by Artemis and had devoted to serving her ever since. This statue tells a Greek mythological tale regarding a diety which was well worshipped in the past. On the otherhand, the other model which I had decided to remix is the bust of Queen Nefertiti which is located in the Egyptian Museum of Berlin. This queen was said to be the embodiment of beauty with the power to rule over Egypt as she was considered to be one of the most powerful rulers. 



The reason I had decided to remix these two models as these individuals depicted within their respected models have very similar attributes and what they represent. Due to the fact that Artemis is a goddess which symbolize femininity and power, Nefertiti could be seen to personify those traits as a ruler of Egypt. To take this a step further, Nefertiti could also be a historical figure which embodied all the values that the Goddess Artemis possessed. 

During the creation of module 2, I had put in consideration as to how I will be able to represent the two figures without losing the meaning of one. To make sure that each individual was well represented, I had decided to replace Artemis' head with Nefertiti rather than vice versa. The two models paired perfectly with each other as the stag found within the Artemis' model is another representation of this diety. This stag plays a significant role as it is one of the major symbolism used to represent Artemis within the Greek lore. Next, the character Ifigenia was kept to demonstrate the strength which both Artemis and Nerfertiti both held as there were numerous people that devoted their lives to both Nefertiti and Artemis, not to mention the immense power each women had. 
